My boy's a winner, he loves the game
My lips reflect off his cross gold chain
I like the way he's telling me
My ass looks good in these ripped blue jeans
My cheeks are red like cherries in the spring
Body's a work of art you'd die to see
Untouched, XO
Young lust, let's (Ah)
When we drive in your car, I'm your baby (So sweet)
Losing all my innocence in the backseat
Say you love, say you love, say you love me (Love me)
Losing all my innocence in the backsеat
When we drive in your car, I'm your baby (So sweet)
Losing all my innocеnce in the backseat
Say you love, say you love, say you love me (Love me)
Losing all my innocence in the backseat
Break all the rules 'til we get caught
Fog up the windows in the parking lot
Summer love (Ah, ah), sexy
Sitting on his lap, sippin' Diet Pepsi
I write my name with lipstick on your chest
I leave a mark so you know I'm the best
Untouched (Untouched), XO (XO)
Young lust, let's go (Ah)
When we drive in your car, I'm your baby (So sweet)
Losing all my innocence in the backseat
Say you love, say you love, say you love me (Love me)
When we drive in your car, I'm your baby (So sweet)
Losing all my innocence in the backseat
Say you love, say you love, say you love me (Love me)
When we
I'm your baby
(XO)
When we drive in your car, I'm your baby (So sweet)
Losing all my innocence in the backseat
Say you love, say you love, say you love me (Love me)
Losing all my innocence in the backseat (Ah)
When we drive in your car, I'm your baby (So sweet)
Losing all my innocence in the backseat
Say you love, say you love, say you love me (Love me)
Untouched
Young lust
XO
Let's go